[agent] Update kubernetes_state_core documentation (#11708)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/kubernetes_state_core.md

...
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Operator" %}}

> From the Datadog-Operator v0.7.0

Reviewer: Maybe we should have this as a note, e.g. `Note: Datadog Operator v.0.7.0 or greater is required.`

Author: I move it at the bottom of this tab since it is a note

> From the Datadog-Operator v0.7.0
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

To enable the `kubernetes_state_core` check, the setting `spec.features.kubeStateMetricsCore.enabled` must be set to `true` in the DatadogAgent resource.

DatadogAgent Kubernetes Resource:

```
apiVersion: datadoghq.com/v1alpha1
kind: DatadogAgent
metadata:
  name: datadog
spec:
  credentials:
    apiKey: <DATADOG_API_KEY>
    appKey: <DATADOG_APP_KEY>
  features:
    kubeStateMetricsCore:
      enabled: true
  # ...
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion

Note: Datadog Operator v.0.7.0 or greater is required.

```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Migration from kubernetes_state to kubernetes_state_core

### Tags removal

> With `kubernetes_state`, several tags have been flagged as deprecated and replaced by new tags. To determine your migration path, check which tags are sent with your metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the original `kubernetes_state` check, several tags have been flagged as deprecated and replaced by new tags. To determine your migration path, check which tags are submitted with your metrics.
```

> With `kubernetes_state_core`, only the non-deprecated tags are sent.
> 
> Before migrating to `kubernetes_state_core`, verify that only official tags are used in monitors and dashboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `kubernetes_state_core` check, only the non-deprecated tags are submitted. Before migrating from `kubernetes_state` to `kubernetes_state_core`, verify that only official tags are used in monitors and dashboards.
```

> Here is the mapping between deprecated and official tags

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here is the mapping between deprecated tags and the official tags that have replaced them:
```
